X Phaenea.

taking such pn'de in their own discoveries.
All this is said with reference to the time
during which I attended on them. For one
of them afterwards went to Bologna, and
there unlearnt what he had taught: on his
return alsa, he untaught it: whether the
change was for the better or the worse, Ι
leave to the judgment of those who heard him
before and after. The other of the two was
also a proficient in the more exalted Phi-
losophy of Divinity, wherein he obtained a

distinguished name. With these teachers I
remained two years, and got so versed in

common placeS, rules and elements in general,

which boys study, and in which my tcaclrers

were most weighty‚ that I seemed to mysels
to know them as well as Ι knew my own nails
and fingers. There -was one thing which Ι
had certainly attained to, namely, to estimato
my own knowledge much higher than it de-
served. 1 fancied myselfa sciolist‚ because
Ι was ready in what Ι had been taught. Ι
then, beginning to reflect and to measure my
strength, attended on the Grammarian William
de ConcheS, during the space of three years;
and read much at intervals: nor shall Ι ever
regret the way in which my time was then

 

